### Old Bonegrinder (Area O) 

#### Approach
> The Old Svalich Road transitions here from being a winding path through the Balinok Mountains to a lazy trail that hugs the mountainside as it descends into a fog-filled valley.  Further down in the valley you can make out the shadow of a walled town near the shores of a massive lake.  Near here the road splits, the branch climbing to a small promontory, atop which is perched a dilapidated stone windmill, its warped wooden vanes stripped bare.

If they investigate the windmill...

> The onion-domed edifice leans forward and to one side, as though trying to turn away from the stormy gray sky. You see gray brick walls and dirt-covered windows on the upper floors. A decrepit wooden platform encircles the windmill above a flimsy doorway leading to the building's interior. Perched on a wooden beam above the door is a raven. It hops about and squawks at you, seemingly agitated.

A character who pays attention to the bird and succeeds on a DC 12 Wisdom (Insight) check senses the raven is trying to warn the party.  Regardless, after it has delivered its message it flies away in the direction of the town in the valley below.  One at the windmill the party can look down into a forest in between the windmill and the town, and see four squat megaliths at the forest's edge.  Ravens can be seen circling in the air above the stones.

#### O1. Ground Floor
> The ground floor has been converted into a makeshift kitchen, but the room is filthy. Baskets and old dishware are piled everywhere. Adding to the clutter is a peddler's cart, a chicken coop, a heavy wooden trunk, and a pretty wooden cabinet with flowers painted on its doors. In addition to the clucking of the chickens, you hear toads croaking. 
>
> Warmth issues from a brick oven against one wall, and a crumbling staircase ascends the wall across from it. Shrieks and cackles from somewhere higher up cause the old mill to shudder.

The ceiling here is eight feet high.  If characters move into the room, they note the floor is littered with small bones.  If they make a DC 12 Wisdom (Medicine) check they recognize the bones as children's bones.

This room is filled with baking implements, including but not limited to: wooden bowls; rolling pins; various herbs and spices; flour; sugar and several gourds of an unknown white powder.  In one of the cupboards are three elixers - a magical one labelled "Youth" which makes the imbiber appear younger and more attractive for 24 hours; a non-magical one labelled "Laughter" which infects the imbibers with "Cackle Fever"; and a non-magical one labelled "Mother's Milk" which is actually a dose of "Pale Tincture".  Elsewhere a chicken coop contains several chickens and a rooster, as well as a few laid eggs and a wooden trunk that had tiny holes bored into its lid.  This contains a hundred or so croaking toads, some of which will escape if the lid is lifted.

If the players are being quiet then Morgantha remains ignorant of their presence upstairs, no roll necessary.  If they are not being quiet then Morgantha comes down to greet them.

#### O2. Bone Mill
> The dirt-caked windows of this room allow very little light to enter this eight foot high chamber, most of which is take up by a large millstone connected to a wooden gear shaft that rises through the ceiling in the centre of the room.  A stone staircase continues up, towards the sound of loud cackling...

Morgantha is here, unless she has been lured elsewhere.

#### O3. Bedroom
> A thick wooden gear shaft dominates this cramped, circular room.  A rotting wooden closet is here, with three crates stacked one atop of another, with small doors set into them.  Next to the closet is a heap of discarded clothing.  A ladder climbs to a wooden trapdoor in the night foot high ceiling.  A moldy bed with a tattered canopy stands nearby.

Morgantha's mother Offalia (another Blood Hag) and her daughter Bella (a Night Hag) are here, unless they have been lured elsewhere.

The crates, each of which is three cubic feet, are built to contain children.  The top crate is currently empty, but the middle and lower ones each have a child in them.  If Offalia and Bella are here they delight in torturing the children, pricking them and trying to make them cry.  Any attempt to free the children will incur the hag's wrath.

The outward facing side of each create is fitted with a small door that has an iron latch and iron hinges.  It can be unlatched and opened easily from the outside.

The two children are from the village of Barovia after being given to the hags by their parents in exchange for Dream Pastries.  The boy, Freek, is seven while the girl, Myrtle, is barely five.  The crates are full of crumbs as the hags have been fattening them up.  If freed neither wants to return to their homes, because of what their parents did.

The bed is not used for sleeping, but the hags store their treasure here.  The part can find ten pieces of cheap costume jewellery inside the mattress, each worth about 25 gp.

#### O4. Domed Attic
> You've reached the windmill's peak-a domed chamber filled with old machinery. There's not much room to move around. Light slips into this attic through small holes in the walls.

Characters searching this space find nothing more than a few old, abandoned bird's nests.

#### The Megaliths
The megaliths here were raised by the ancient peoples of Barovia, in in honour of the Three Ladies.  Each moss-covered stone bears a crude carving, representing a figure from the mythos - one is engraved with a raven, another with a spider and a third with a wolf.  The fourth has chaotic, unintelligible sigils etched into it.  Ravens circle overhead, and on the ground in the middle is a small pile of children's teeth - which the hags are using to weaken the natural order of Barovia for Strahd.   

Anyone with a passing familiarity with Barovian culture and history can make a DC 15 Intelligence (History or Religion) check to identify that three of the stones represent the Seeker (Raven), the Weaver (Spider) and the Huntress (Wolf) and that the fourth represent the Shadow - a forced opposed to the ladies.  

#### The Hags
Morgantha, Offalia and Bella are all hags, but usually disguise themselves.  The older two (Morgantha and Offalia) are Blood Hags while the younger one (Bella) is still just a night hag.  Morgantha is the "face" of their operation, and is happy to do business with anyone who shows up at her door.  However if folks are uninterested in what she is selling, or if they are too aggressive she will dismiss them - and then summon her family, if need be, to chase them off.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE3MzAwNTU0NzBdfQ==
-->