# The Wreck of the Lambent Zenith
> As you approach the wreck of the Lambent Zenith, its navy blue hull and sparkling golden sails now wrecked and tattered, you notice a pained look upon the face of Ahmaz. **"This should not have happened - there should have been nothing here for us to wreck upon, and Inda..."** The Githyanki goes quiet, his face growing more grim and determined than usual  
> Meanwhile as you close on the wreckage you notice that the stony mass the Lambent Zenith has foundered upon is not a planet, nor an asteroid of some kind. It is a body.  Or perhaps was a body.  It is lifeless, but you can see the remains of whatever this once was - massive shattered ribs arching over a mossy spine. The air around it crackles with arcane energies.  
> You can also see the Lambent Zenith, broken into three parts - the stern castle, nestled into the creatures hip bones, the starboard section embedded into a rib cage, and the prow of the ship - embedded right where the titan's heart would have been.

## What's Going On?
Mordenkainen had intended to send the party back ten years, to the deck of the Lambent Zenith, to give the him and the party enough time to stop Vecna. Thanks to Vecna's interference the spell failed however and the arcane energies unleashed have caused havoc across the planes. On the Astral Plane it slammed the Lambent Zenith into the body of a dead god called Havoc and cast Ahmaz, the boatswain, into the Underdark of Faerun.

Ahmaz will direct the party to the Sterncastle segment of the ship, as it looks the most intact and most likely to be salvagable (the starboard section is small and in pieces, and the prow looks like it has been buried deeply into the remains of the dead god. If the party wish to continue to Sigil and reconnect with Mordenkainen they will need to help Ahmaz and the crew get what remains of the Lambent Zenith ready to travel again. This will necessitate entering into the heart of the dead god and retrieving the helm of the ship.

## Accessing the Helm
The helm was kept on the bridge of the Lambent Zenith (Z19).  However when the Lambent Zenith crashed the helm was actually thrown out of the ship and into the heart of the dead god the ship foundered upon.  At the same time the wreck caused certain security measures to activate, sealing the bridge away from the rest of the ship.  Because of this the bridge can only be accessed if the players deactivate the powerful arcane wards surrounding the bridge.  And once inside they will find they have to travel further - into the heart of a dead god.
### Ward Runes
The arcane wards are part of the ships lockdown mode, designed to keep the pilot safe during a battle.  The wards are powered by two runes - one in area Z8 and one in Z13.  The runes are invisible, but if a creature can see invisible objects each one looks like a stylized carving of a crescent moon that pulses with a silver light.  They can be deactivated by using Dispel Magic (DC 17) or by saying the passphrase: **"the moon signs a song for the lost".**  As long as one rune remains active the bridge is inaccessible.  

## Arcane Portals
The volatile combination of a dead god's latent power, the magic used to fuel a spelljammer and the after effects of Mordenkainen's spell gone awry have caused magic to function oddly in and around the Lambent Zenith (and the body of Havoc). Any time a creature anywhere on the body of the dead god casts a spell or uses a similar magical effect that would teleport themselves of another creature instead of the normal effect a 5 ft diameter portal appears within 30 ft. of the casting creature. The portal is a glowing ring filled with an opaque mist and remains open for one minute.

When a portal appears, roll on the Portal Exit table to determine where the portal leads. Any creature or object that passes through an open portal appears in a random unoccupied space in the exit location.  

|Roll (1d6)| Exit Location  |
|--|--|
| 1 | Z1a |
| 2 | Z5 |
| 3 | Z10 |
| 4 | Z11 |
| 5 | Z13 |
| 6 | Z17 |


## Traversing Wreck Segments
Characters can forgo the portals and travel between the wreck segments on their own, either by walking or by flying. The segments are 300 feet from each other.

The areas between the segments contain a multitude of hungry astral predators. The creatures trapped in the segments don’t traverse the wreck for this reason. When the characters enter one of these areas, roll on the Random Wreck Encounters table to see what confronts the characters.
| Roll (1d10) | Encounter |
| -- | -- |
| 1-2 | Two [night scavvers](http://journal.roll20.net/character/-NvrXjiyA9vTHTcD2IRY) |
| 3-4 | One [star angler](http://journal.roll20.net/character/-NwBpybSde9PvEEyWyoh) |
| 5-6 | One [cloaker](http://journal.roll20.net/character/-NvrawRCgaqXY6YA6i6G) |
| 7-10 | No encounter |

## Stern Segment
The largest piece of the wreck, the stern segment, is nestled in Havock’s hip bones. A handful of stranded shipwreck survivors are encamped on this segment.  They were originally led by Figaro, the first mate, but a death slaad has recently killed a former passed and infiltrated the camp in his body, sowing chaos and magically manipulating Figaro’s mind. This drove Figaro into a paranoid state, causing him to lock himself in his quarters, where one of the safe room’s ward runes is located.

Characters approaching this wreck segment can land on the sterncastle deck (area Z1a or Z1b).

## Starboard Segment
The starboard piece of the ship crashed into Havock’s ribcage. A small lifeboat also crashed into this area, carrying refugees from a space pirate attack: Daveras, his blink dog companion Ikasa, and a treant named Redbud. Daveras escaped the wreckage and joined the survivor camp on the stern segment. Unknown to Daveras, Ikasa and Redbud also survived and are on the starboard segment.

Wreckage blocks off this segment’s lower decks from the outside. Characters approaching this segment must land on the starboard segment’s section of the top deck (area Z10).

## Prow Segment
The wreck of the Lambent Zenith’s prow impaled the dormant god’s heart. The ship’s captain, Inda, is here, as is the entrance to the bridge.

Characters approaching this segment can land on the prow segment’s top deck (area Z14a).

## General Features  

The areas of the Lambent Zenith’s wreckage have the following features:

**Gravity.** The wreck and the areas around it have normal gravity. However as elsewhere in the Astral Sea characters have a flight speed of 10+Int Score or their normal flight speed - whichever is greater)

**Lighting.** Unless otherwise stated, the ambient silvery glow of the Astral Sea fills the wreck, rendering its areas brightly lit.

**Walls, Ceilings, and Floors.** The floors and walls of the ship are made from faded blue wood. The ceilings of the ship’s lower decks are 10 feet high.

## Lambent Zenith Locations

The areas of the wreck are keyed to the Lambent Zenith map.

### Z1a–Z1b: Sterncastle Deck and Below

> Scraps of golden sails dangle from the sterncastle’s ruined mast. Two armored githyanki patrol the deck and below, silver swords at their hips.

Two lawful neutral **githyanki knights** named Lysan and Zastra, who served as boatswain's mates on the Lambent Zenith, keep watch here.  

If Ahmaz is with the party, then the knights immediately accept his word that the party are there to help - they might be Istik, but Ahmaz is the boatswain and their direct superior.  

If Ahmaz is not present then the will hold them on the deck while they summon Ilren.  The party will then try to persuade the three that they are going to help.  Lysan and Zastra each have a DC 15 against Charisma (Persuade) and DC 17 against Charisma (Intimidate).  Ilren has a DC 15 for both checks, but players have to make their checks at disadvantage because Ilren actually wants them gone.

### Z2: Upper Crew Quarters

> This room is plain yet inviting. Five sailors lounge in cramped bunks and colorful hammocks strung from the ceiling.

Five lawful good sailors from the Upper Planes (use the **veteran** stat block except they are three humans, one gnome and an elf) are lounging here. The sailors are indifferent to the characters but jump into combat to protect themselves and their fellows. These sailors were lackeys aboard the Lambent Zenith. Though they can recount details of the crash, but that is about it.

### Z3: Galley and Pantry

> The sound of sizzling and the smell of spices emanate from the galley. A tall orc woman in black leather armor works busily at the stove. A gold tattoo of a crescent moon surrounds her left eye.

Kycera Duskstride is the Lambent Zenith’s second mate and is a chaotic good orc (use the **assassin** statblock).  A former killer for hire, Kycera saw the error of her ways and joined the Lambent Zenith’s crew to escape her old life. Now she spends her time in the wreck’s galley. Though the survivors don’t require food in the timeless void of the Astral Sea, Kycera finds that cooking and eating bring the restless survivors comfort.  A DC 13 Charisma (Persuasion) check can get Kycera to open up to the party (made with advantage if they saved Ahmaz).

**Treasure.** Within the pantry are 2d4 unopened casks of decent wine, each worth 500 gp.  If the players want them Kycera is happy to part with them, as in her experience alcohol leads only to problems for crews.

### Z4: Mess Hall

> Empty wooden tables and chairs fill the mess hall. In the corner, an elf man plays a game of cards.

The elf is Daveras, a neutral **druid**. Daveras joined the camp after his lifeboat crashed into Havock. The remains of his lifeboat rest on the starboard segment.

If the characters haven’t met Ilren already, Ilren is here playing cards with Daveras.

Daveras is generally friendly and will freely talk with the party.  

Ilren will express surprise that the party was allowed aboard with out him being informed.  If Ahmaz is present they will have the following exchange:

> **"Ho..."** the large giff says, his voice as deep and as booming as one would expect **"...newcomers?  Did Lysan and Zastra just let you aboard without consulting me?  Tch - a pity."**
> **"Not such a pity Ilren..."** Ahmaz responds with some disdain in his voice **"...they were with me"**
> The giff pauses a moment upon seeing Ahmaz **"Ah, yes.  Of course.  Well then welcome to our humble spelljammer, such as it is."**

Ilren is less willing to converse with the party than Daveras.  He is concerned with the new arrivals, and he is trying to figure out how to play the situation to his advantage.  

### Z5: Companionway

> The forward end of this hallway is buried in god-corpse’s flesh. The stern end holds two doors and two stairways leading up, and another door on the port side bears a gilded plaque that reads “Stateroom.”

The port door is locked and leads to a guest stateroom that now serves as Figaro’s living quarters. Due to his paranoid state, Figaro uses a Cube of Force to deter any living matter from entering his room.

A character trying to sneak up to Figaro’s locked door must succeed on a DC 18 Dexterity (Stealth) check to avoid being noticed. An unnoticed character can, as an action, use thieves’ tools to try to pick the door’s lock, doing so with a successful DC 20 Dexterity (Sleight of Hand) check.  

Figaro deactivates the cube’s barrier if he feels he can trust the characters. The barrier allows sound to pass through, meaning that the characters can talk with Figaro. A character talking with Figaro can make a DC 25 Charisma (Persuasion) check. On a successful check, Figaro trusts the characters, unlocks the door, and permits the characters to enter.

By helping the people found throughout the wreck, the party can find individuals who will vouch for them. If two or more individuals vouch for the party, Figaro deactivates the barrier without the characters needing to make a check. If only one individual vouches for the party, a character makes the check with advantage.

### Z6: Lower Crew Quarters

> The bunks and hammocks here are empty, and the walls are covered with colorful pieces of wood, each with something written on it.

The painted pieces of wood are makeshift remembrance markers, honoring those who died in the Lambent Zenith’s crash. Each piece of wood has a name scribbled on it with smudged graphite. The survivors long ago burned the deceased’s bodies on the ship’s decks.

### Z7: Storage

> Unused rigging and dusty old sails fill this old storage closet.

Characters who have a passive Wisdom (Perception) score of 15 or higher hear muffled shouting from below.

**Secret Entrance.** Loose floorboards on the room’s port side can be pried up, allowing access to the brig (area Z9). Ilren recently used this passage, then attempted to hide the loose floorboards beneath a canvas tarp. A character who searches the floor and succeeds on a DC 12 Intelligence (Investigation) check notices the edge of the loose floorboards jutting upward beneath the canvas.

### Z8: Stateroom

> The stateroom is simple but elegant. The warm light of the wall sconces bathes the mahogany bookshelves and crimson bedsheets. Sitting on the edge of the bed is a purple-skinned tiefling. He stares blankly at the wall, but his posture is as tense as a wound spring.

The tiefling is Figaro, a lawful good **mage**. If Figaro allowed the characters into his room willingly or if enough individuals vouch for them, Figaro shakily introduces himself and is willing to talk to the characters. Otherwise, he screams and attacks. Figaro surrenders after he is reduced to half of his hit point maximum, but he still refuses to talk with the characters.

**Talking with Figaro.** If the characters gained Figaro’s trust, he will talk to them

**Mending Figaro’s Memories.** Ilren used repeated Modify Memory spells to manipulate Figaro’s mind. A character who studies Figaro’s symptoms and succeeds on a DC 20 Intelligence (Arcana) check recognizes Figaro’s glassy gaze as a telltale sign of memory-tampering magic. Restoring Figaro’s true memories causes Figaro to immediately recall Ilren’s deception. If the characters haven’t confronted Ilren, Figaro rushes off to face the death slaad.

**Ward Rune.** The ward rune is located on the bed’s headboard.

### Z9: Brig

> Small cells with thin iron bars line both sides of the center hallway. You hear shouts for help from one of the cells.

The shouting is coming from a **couatl** named Cirit, currently in the form of a halfling **priest**. Cirit was one of the Lambent Zenith’s crew members and was present when the Death Slaad replaced Ilren amongst the survivors’ camp.

Cirit saw Ilren’s true aberrant form. But when Cirit confronted Ilren about the deception, the death slaad overpowered her. Believing Cirit to be an ordinary halfling spellcaster, Ilren hoped to use her to create a green slaad and locked her in the brig instead of killing her. Cirit has been trying to escape since.

The door to Cirit’s cell is locked. A character can pick the lock with a successful DC 15 Dexterity (Sleight of Hand) check using thieves’ tools, or a character can wrest open the door with a successful DC 15 Strength (Athletics) check.

**Talking with Cirit.** On seeing the characters, Cirit is relieved and immediately asks for their assistance. If they help her she is immediately friendly.

### Z10: Starboard Top Deck

> The deck’s flooring here is uneven, with roots woven around the planks. Jutting from the segment’s fore is the wreckage of a lifeboat. Atop this smaller wreck is a stout tree with vibrant pink and red blossoms.

The tree atop the crashed lifeboat is a treant named Redbud (use the **treant** stat block, but Redbud’s movement speed is 0 feet) that joined the crew and grew into the lifeboat to strengthen its hull. The treant nearly died when the boat crashed, but Redbud survived by sending roots into the Lambent Zenith’s wreck to feed off Havock. Redbud’s main purpose now is protecting the blink dog Ikasa (found in area Z11), who remains trapped aboard the lifeboat.

**Interacting with Redbud.** Redbud remains silent and motionless until a creature attempts to enter the segment’s lower deck (areas Z11–Z13). Initially, Redbud affably discourages characters from proceeding deeper into the wreck; when pressed, Redbud claims this is to protect them from hungry parasites that have nested below. However, a character who makes a successful DC 13 Wisdom (Insight) check intuits that while Redbud is telling the truth about monsters below, the treant has ulterior reasons for keeping the characters away from the lower deck.

If the characters question the treant’s sincerity, Redbud admits to the deception. Redbud explains that a dear friend is trapped below, and the treant’s roots are protecting this friend from being eaten by the monsters nesting on the lower deck. Redbud implores the characters to clear out the nest, allowing the characters to proceed further only if they agree.

### Z11: Grell Nest

> Thick, pale roots here form two dense walls on either side of the room. Six bulbous, brain-shaped creatures with snapping beaks and barbed tentacles bob through the air.

Six grell have made their home here, feeding off hapless raiders looking to pillage this wreck segment. The grell are hostile toward all other creatures.

**Redbud’s Roots.** The treant’s roots have warped and splintered the floorboards, rendering squares with roots difficult terrain.

Redbud’s roots also block the entrances to the lifeboat wreck (area Z12) and the study (area Z13), the latter of which contains one of the safe room’s ward runes. Redbud moves these roots if the characters eradicate the monsters nesting below. The roots also retract if Redbud is killed or forced to relocate.

### Z12: Lifeboat Wreck

> A cot is shoved against one wall here opposite a desk. Sitting in the room’s center is a reddish-brown dog with a leather collar studded with glowing crystals.

Ikasa the **blink dog** is outfitted with a magical collar that allows him to speak Common. Afraid to use his teleportation ability due to the wreck’s warped magic, Ikasa remained in the lifeboat, protected by Redbud.

On seeing the characters, Ikasa excitedly bounds over and introduces himself. If the characters mention Daveras, Ikasa asks to be reunited with his old companion.

_**Treasure.*f The lifeboat’s interior contains survival necessities. A character who searches the lifeboat and succeeds on a DC 18 Intelligence (Investigation) check also finds an emergency fund of 100 gp stashed in one of the desk’s drawers.

### Z13: Study

> Books and scrolls concerning arcane subjects pack the bookshelves here. Pressed against the wall is a redwood desk, atop which are clean sheets of parchment and two inkwells.

**Secret Strongbox.** A character who inspects the bookshelves and succeeds on a DC 15 Intelligence (Investigation) check discovers that one of the books—a volume titled _Dissertations on the Abstruse Mind_—is a disguised strongbox. The box is locked, but the lock can be picked with a successful DC 15 Dexterity (Sleight of Hand) check using thieves’ tools or forced open with a successful DC 11 Strength (Athletics) check. Inda carries the strongbox’s key.

The box is trapped. When a creature attempts to open the box by any means other than the key, poisonous gas puffs out the keyhole. The creature must succeed on a DC 20 Constitution saving throw or have the poisoned condition for 1 hour.

The box contains a _Potion of Mind Reading_ and a journal. The journal belongs to Inda and contains writings in Common and Celestial regarding her travels as captain of the Lambent Zenith. A character who spends 10 minutes reading the journal learns the pass phrase needed to deactivate the ward runes protecting the safe room: “The moon sings a song for the lost.”

**Ward Rune.** The ward rune is on the wall above the desk.

### Z14a–Z14b: Forecastle and Top Deck

> A colossal heart—part flesh and part stone—looms over this segment’s top deck. What remains of the ship’s prow is plunged deep into the heart, and the deck rumbles as the heart pulses. Scraps of gossamer sails dangle off the ship’s broken-off mast, which is jammed through one of the doors leading into the forecastle.

The mast blocks the entrance to the navigation room (area Z16). The door to the captain’s quarters (area Z15) is unobstructed but locked; the lock can be opened with a successful DC 15 Dexterity (Sleight of Hand) check using thieves’ tools. As an action, a character can make a DC 15 Strength (Athletics) check to try to force the door open. A character who has a passive Wisdom (Perception) score of 13 or higher and who is standing within 5 feet of the door hears someone inside.

### Z15: Captain’s Quarters

> In this cabin, clothes are tossed over chair backs, and open books are strewn across tables. At the back of the room stands a deva. Her right leg below her knee is a wood-and-metal prosthetic, and from her back extends a massive, white-feathered wing.
>
> The door at the east end of the room seems to be shielded with some kind of white, shimmering magical ward.

The one-winged woman is the captain of the Lambent Zenith, Inda Malayuri. Inda uses the **deva** stat block, except she has a flying speed of 0 feet.

Inda’s right leg and wing were severed in an attack years ago. She now uses prosthetics, but her prosthetic wing was damaged in the crash. She has been trying to repair it in the navigation room (area Z16). She is determined to retrieve the spelljammer helm, escape the wreck and reunite with whatever remains of her crew.

**Talking with Inda.** Inda is wary of the characters and pointedly asks about their motives. She is hesitant to provide any information about the Lambent Zenithand isn’t swayed by bribes or threats.

A character talking with Inda can make a DC 15 Charisma (Persuasion) check. If a character offers to aid her with repairing her prosthetic wing or to reunite her with her crew in the stern segment, this check is made with advantage. On a successful check, Inda agrees to help the characters and will talk with them. 

**Deactivating the Ward Runes.** The bridge’s wards are powered by two runes. One is located on the headboard of the bed in the ship’s stateroom, and the other is in the study, on the wall above the desk. The runes are invisible, and both runes need to be deactivated to access the safe room. Inda knows the pass phrase for deactivating both runes: “The moon sings a song for the lost.”

**What’s in the Heart.** Inda has avoided exploring the god-corpse. However, she’s seen a serpentine monster emerge from Havock’s heart.

If the characters have no way to see the invisible ward runes, Inda lends the party a Lantern of Revealing

_**Treasure.**_ Inda has a Flame Tongue and a Ring of Evasion Shortsword](http://journal.roll20.net/handout/-NvJ8EqmftOosv-jXx_q)_ [shortsword](http://journal.roll20.net/handout/-NvJ8EqmftOosv-jXx_q) and a _[Ring of Evasion](http://journal.roll20.net/handout/-NvJBH-WEalgHTEsMM2y)_ on her bedside table next to the Lantern of Revealing. If asked, Inda is reluctant to give away the shortsword or ring but can be convinced with a successful DC 22 Charisma (Persuasion) check. Inda has a key to the strongbox in area Z13 and knows where the secret compartment holding a Spell Scroll of Flame Strike is in area Z17; she mentions these to the characters if they help her with her prosthetic wing in area Z16 or help her reach her crew in the stern segment.

As an action, a character who can reach the bedside table can try to steal one of the magic items atop it without being seen by Inda, doing so with a successful DC 19 Dexterity (Sleight of Hand) check. On a failed check, Inda sees the attempt and immediately becomes hostile.

### Z16: Navigation Room

> A chunk of mast has pierced the doors to the corridor and fills one corner of the room. A large bronze sphere hovers in the center of the room, spinning idly. Splayed on the table below is a wing-shaped contraption.
> 
> This room formerly served as the Lambent Zenith’s navigation room. It now functions as Inda’s workshop.
> 
> The door at the east end of the room seems to be shielded with some kind of white, shimmering magical ward.

_**Inda’s Prosthetic Wing.**_ Inda’s prosthetic wing sits on the center table. Inda has been trying to repair it, but while she excels at theoretical studies, she is inexperienced with practical engineering.

Characters can attempt to help Inda repair the prosthetic wing. A character must first succeed on a DC 15 Intelligence (Investigation), Wisdom (Survival) or Wisdom (Medicine) check to know which joints must be reconnected. Then, the character must succeed on a DC 17 Dexterity (Sleight of Hand) check to reconnect the joints; a character who has proficiency with tinker’s tools makes this check with advantage.

Once a successful Dexterity (Sleight of Hand) check has been made, Inda knows she can tinker with the wing enough that it will eventually work.

Inda is grateful to the characters for their help fixing the broken wing, even if their efforts are unsuccessful. If the characters escort her to the stern segment of the wreck, she vouches for the characters to Figaro in area Z5.

### Z17: Bridge

> This room ends in a wall of Havock’s flesh, and glass shards from the shattered window litter the floor. One can see markings on the floor where a chair of some sort - the spelljammer helm, you'd imagine - used to be.  It doesn't take much to figure out what's become of it - it looks as if it was rippled free of its mounting during the collision and thrown through the shattered prow of the ship.  on the as th in the  in th Indeed, you can see where is smashed through the god-corpse, although it left a hole so smal  half.

The armchair served as the captain’s chair. The broken chair only the smallest among you might pground wass through it.

This room was once the command centre of the Lambent Zenith.  It's now mostly destroyed, and it is clear that the spelljammer helm - the device used to propel ships such as these through the Astral Sea, is no longer here.

**Heart Entryway.** The small hole in this area leadse ship’s helm but is now irrevocably destroyed.

_**Treasure.**_ A character who examines the captain’s chair and succeeds on a DC 15 Wisdom (Perception) check finds a secret compartment into the heart of Havock as shown on the Heart of Havock map and described in the following section.  Only characters of size small or smaller may pass through it.  To retrieve the spelljammer helm, the characters must venture into the heart and confront the monster inside.

### Z18: Forward Cargo Hold

> Empty crates and barrels litter this deck, and a double door stands at the fore. 

This room was mostly filled with trade goods - the kind of thing most adventurers care little to nothing about.  The double doors lead to a secure hold, where especially valuable goods are kept.  This room, like the bridge, is warded by the magical runes carved elsewhereright armrest. The compartment holds a bronze tube containing a _[Spell Scrollnet/handout/-NvJ5wrxOr_2yqt3s2KW)_ of _[Fla](https://app.roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Spells:Flame%20Strike)__[me Strike](https://app.roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Spells:Flame%20Strike)_.

### Z18: Forward Cargo Hold

> Empty crates and barrels litter this deck, and a double door stands at the fore. The doors’ surfaces shimmer as if trapped behind a wall of translucent silver light.

The door to the safe room is sealed by the ship’s emergency security wards (see the “Accessing the Rod Piece” section earlier into the ship. is chapter). Inspecting the safe room via a Detect Magic spell or a similar effect reveals a strong aura of abjuration magic, as well as two tethers stretching toward the stern segment and the starboard segment, respectively. These tethers indicate the links between the wards and the runes in these respective locations.

### Z19: Saferoom 

> An overwhelmingly foul stench fills this destroyed and empty room. Where the prow should be is a gaping hole leading into the putrid core of the rod-corpse’s heart.

**Heart Entryway.** The hole in this area leads into the [heart of Havock](http://journal.roll20. as shown on the Heart of Havock map and described in the following section. To retrieve the spelljammer helm, the characters must venture into the heart and confront the monster inside.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTcyNDgwMjY3NF19
-->