When the part returns from Barovia the sanctum will have the next destination for the party

> My mind turns curiously time and again to Athas, the Land of the Dark Sun.
>  
> I have not ventured often to Athas.  It is a grim place, one that has fallen out of balance with itself.  And magic - my weapon and ally - is problematic there.  So I do not often venture to those lands.  
> 
> But in my search for the foundational secrets of the cosmos my mind turns again and again to Athas.  A stubborn world, holding on against its own collapse.  But why is it collapsing?  One might point to the defiling magic wielded by its sorcerer-kings, or the scorching heat of its dying sun.  They might even point to Raajat Warbringer, a figure from their distant history who chained the world.  But those answers are short, limited.  Yes - defiling magic is behind the dying planet and perhaps even its dying sun.  Yes - Raajat introduced defiling magic to the world.  But why has magic failed in Athas?  What happened to it?  I suspect the answer lies back in the depths of its history - back in what the locals call the Blue Age some fourteen thousand years prior.  But where to look and how to find it?  I do not know this answer...

## Outline
Athas is a grim and dark fantasy setting, one where magic is the deadly domain of the sorcerer kings and psionics is the order of the day.  Keep the following in mind in Athas:

### Magic - Defiler & Preserver
The flow of magic has been disrupted in Athas, and it is difficult to use even by normally powerful arcane spell-casters.  Defilers are arcane spell-casters who take the easy way out, and draw the power for their magic from the world around them.  This is powerful, but it scars the land - leaving it barren and lifeless.  Preservers, on the other hand, try to maintain the balance of magic - often sacrificing power in the name of a grander purpose.

#### Basics
Each time an arcane spell-caster casts a spell, they must choose if they are defiling or preserving and roll 1d20.

#### Defiling Magic
If the spell-caster chooses to defile and they roll higher than 10 on their 1d20 role they cast the spell without consuming a spell slot.  Using defiling magic causes obvious visual cues as the land around the caster turns blackened and lifeless.  The defiler also taints themselves with their fell magic - track the number of times they defile and apply the following:
* For 5+ 'defiles' the defilers max HP is reduced by 1 per defile.
* For 10+ 'defiles' the defilers cannot regain HP for 1 hour after defiling.
* For 15+ 'defiles' the defiler begins to mutate, exhibiting physical signs of the fell magic they use, and will have disadvantage on all charisma check with anyone in Athas not aligned with defilers (i.e. anyone not Templars or Sorcerer-Kings).  
Defilers reduce their number of defiles by 1d4 every long rest.  

#### Preserving Magic
If the spell-caster chooses to preserve and they roll a 1 their 1d20 the spell fizzles and the spell slot is consumed.  If they roll a 2 or a 3 they trigger a wild magic effect (see table below).

| 1d20 | Effect |
| -- | -- |
| 1 | **Brown Tide Echo.** For 1 minute, all plant life in a 30 ft radius rapidly grows.  After 1 minute the plants then rots away, releasing poisonous spores. Creatures in the area must succeed on a DC 15 Con save or be poisoned for 1 minute. |
| 2 | **Psionic Feedback.** Your spell triggers a psionic shockwave. Each creature within 60 ft (including you) must make a DC 13 Int save or take 2d6 psychic damage and suffer disadvantage on their next Wisdom-based check or save. |
| 3 | **Sandstorm Pulse.** A sudden burst of swirling grit erupts from you. Visibility in a 20 ft radius becomes heavily obscured for 1 minute. |
| 4 | **Temporal Flicker.** You blink out of time. Reappear in your space at the start of your next turn. You are unaware of your surroundings until then.  If someone is standing in your space when you reemerge they are pushed out of your space as the discretion of the DM |
| 5 | **Desert Mirage.** For the next minute, illusory versions of yourself shimmer and shift around you. Attackers have disadvantage on attacks against you, but you suffer disadvantage on your own attack rolls as well. |
| 6 | **Primal Howl.** A long-dead elemental spirit cries out through your spell. All creatures within 15 ft must succeed on a DC 14 Wis save or be frightened of you until the end of their next turn. |
| 7 | **Cracked Earth.** The ground beneath your feet fractures. A 10-foot radius becomes difficult terrain, and any creature starting its turn there must succeed on a DC 13 Dex save or fall prone. |
| 8 | 


### Environment - Hot & Cold
 
### Other Notes
 - Metal is extremely rare in Athas.  Anyone walking around with a lot of it is going to attract a lot of attention.

* Magic can defile or preserve.  The mechanics of these two options are explained below.
* Metal is incredibly rare in Athas, and people walking around with metal armor and with metal weapons are going to attract attention.  
* The oppressive desert heat is omnipresent in At 

## The Story as Planned
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTEyMzM2NjA0MCwtODQwMDY1Mzg4LC00Mz
c2NDI5MDEsLTE2NjIyMDk4NTEsMTIyNjUwNzE1Nl19
-->