# Nibenay
Nibenay marks the halfway point of the party's journey to Pristine Tower, and also a change.  They travelled with a desert caravan here on well-established (if still dangerous) roads.  Hereafter the party will instead be travelling with only Templars and Sereth, and moving as swiftly as possible via crodlu overland towards their target.

> You enter Nibenay - a city of the same stature as Urik (although your Urikite companions would likely dispute that) under the scorching sun of the late afternoon.  The city walls, cyclopean clay mortared stone, are carved with ancient runes and you pass beneath a gate that Sereth informs you is the 'Gate of Earthly Serenity'.  It is flanked on either side by massive stone statues:
> 
> *"They are of Nibenay himself..."* Sereth whispers to you *"...different aspects of his personality, expressed as different physical forms."*  He chuckles.  *"Do not mistake me when I say this - for Hamanu has a mighty ego himself - but among the sorcerer-kings there are none who love to aggrandize themselves as the Shadow King."*
>
> You are escorted by the Templar-Wives of Nibenay - all woman, and Sereth informs you that they all 'marry' Nibenay when they enter the ranks of the Templars, although the nature of that marriage is a subject of much debate - and escorted to "Merchant's Rest" - a walled compound in the city set aside for large caravans and visiting dignitaries.  You are all given medallions - although you note the slaves are different coloured - which identify you as dignitaries and will encourage merchants and citizens alike to treat you with deference, and smooth over any possible conflicts.

Players can explore the city if they wish.  As Urik resembled Ur and Babylon, Nibenay resembles Ankor Wat and the air is constantly filled with strange music and the people behave with odd customs (examples - people will pull one another's hair as a greeting, children carry life-sized straw dolls of their mothers with the, the interior walls of the city are covered in artistic expression -  but as the day passes into the cooler evening a messenger will arrive at the caravan - another Templar-Wife:

> As you linger near the caravan you see a figure crossing the courtyard towards you.  She moves quickly, with a soldier's movements but a dancer's cadence, flanked by two others trailing slightly behind.  She is tall and poised, her yellow and purple robes flowing in layers than shimmer like beaten bronze in the fading light.  The fabric is embroidered with a coiling serpent motif - fangs bared - and she wear a translucent veil the colour of wine, fastened with silver hooks to her earlobes and the tiara she wears upon her brow.  Beneath it you can see the painted kohl around her eyes, making her gaze more intense and unreadable.  She wears a bronze amulet bearing the sigil of Nibenay - a coiled serpent - that hangs above her heart.  Her trailing companions - male, you can see from here - each wear similar, but much simpler robes and no amulet.
> 
> She spares a glance for the Templars and Sereth, but he gaze is mostly focused on you - the party.  *"Outsiders..."* she says, bowing lowly and precisely, her hands outstretched with palms upturned *"...travellers under the Lion's Mark.  I am Sharit of the Ninth Veil, bonded servant and loyal wife to the Shadow King.  I speak now with his voice and by his grace."*
>
>Sharit produces a scroll from beneath the folds of her clothes and opens it, reading from it.  *"His majesty, the King of Obsidian and Silence, has noted your presence.  In accordance with courtesy and curiosity, he invites you to partake of the stillness and stone - to speak with him in the Garden of Stone Whispers."* 
>
>Sharit rolls up the scroll and looks at you expectantly.  *"The Templars of Hamanu, Mighty Lion, are not summoned so.  The invitation extends only to those not born beneath the Dark Sun.  Will you come, strangers?"*
>
>Sereth looks at you all, and you hear his voice in your mind.  *"You must accept, of course.  To do otherwise would be a grave insult, and one must not insult a sorcerer-king lightly - in his own city no less!  Remember - here in Nibenay there is a slavish dedication to protocol and tradition.  They will excuse your ignorance of their ways, but you must show them respect nonetheless.  Especially the sorcerer-king.  And be wary - the King of Shadow offers many gifts and long shadows in which to hide blades.  You are not his to take.*

Sereth will watch as the players are led away by the Templar-Wife and her two (male, eunuch if it comes up) attendants.  The Templar-Wife will lead them through the city, answering any questions they might ask.  Eventually they come to the garden:

> The 'Garden of Stone Whispers' is a small walled garden, but it is remarkable as well.  For beneath the obsidian walls and under the watch of the basalt statues there is green and - more significantly - there is a basalt fountain in the middle of the garden, water happily burbling out of it, filling a small bowl and - since it is not overflowing - you assume disappearing somewhere else.  
>
> A figure sits, staring contemplatively at the waters.  He is large - as large as Hamanu - and his bearing just as regal and as oppressive.  His robes, purple and woven gold, cover him - making him look like an archmage perhaps, or a learned scholar-king.  His crown of gold is large, and simple - stretching to seemingly form horns from his brown.  His flesh is mauve, similar in colour to his robes and when he looks at you the black holes that are his eyes seem to swallow his face.  And then he moves and you realize something else - the figure is not here.  This is merely a projection of his form, as he turns his mind to this place.
> 
> *"Husband..."* the Templar-Wife says quietly *"...your guests."*  She turns to you, bows - as she did when she first greeted you and says *"May you prove worthy of your ancestors, strangers"* and then disappears into the lengthening shadows of the evening.
> 
> Your host - the Shadow King - waits until the Templar has left.  When he speaks the walls shake, but somehow his voice seems quiet, restrained.  *"You are not of this world..."* he says, his eyes returning to the quiet pool *"...your scent is foreign, your shadow lighter.  You have met the lion, and now you meet the serpent.  Tell me strangers - what do you think of this world?  Of us?  I invite you to be honest in your assessment, and open in your words.  I am many things, and perhaps from my wives and my citizens I prefer flattery.  But you are not of this place.  You do not belong.  Your eyes have not been sandblasted by an age of desperation.  You might see what I and others have forgotten."*

Nibenay will let them be openly critical of him and Athas.  Some points they might possibly make and his thoughts on them:

- **On cruelty:** Athas is a cruel land.  Cruelty begets cruelty.  Cruelty is a tool.  It serves a function.  The chains of cruelty bind together a broken world.  It is the price of survival.
- **On Templars:** Each sorcerer-king has their own philosophy but Nibenay suspects that all would be united in thought, if not in word.  Templars are a practical necessity.  They exist because the sorcerer-kings, for all their power, cannot be everywhere at once.  They act because their king demands action.  The price of inaction can be seen in Tyr - a land without a king.  Tithian and Rikus slew Kalak and proclaimed Tyr a free city.  The people cheered Kalak's death.  Their rebellion brought them starvation and loss.  The people of Tyr are bound to a new master now, bound with the same chains - only rusted and worn. 
- **On change:** Change is expensive.  Survival is expensive.  The Champions of Rajaat - the sorcerer-kings - were handed a broken world and given a tool that breaks as it fixes.  Nibenay would change Athas.  But at what cost?  How many dead are acceptable to pay for change?
- **On Hamanu:** Nibenay's comrade.  Not necessarily always friendly.  But they served Rajaat together.  They fought Rajaat together.  Hamanu was a brilliant military mind - Rajaat's greatest general, perhaps even greater than Rajaat himself.  There is respect there, but it is tempered with care.  Hamanu has his vision for the world - a vast and endless military machine - and Nibenay has his.  They are not compatible. 

Eventually they will come to the true business at hand - their journey to the Pristine Tower:

> *"I have some idea where you are headed..."* Nibenay admits *"...it is the tower, no?  Hamanu has the mind of a general, and seeing such capable soldiers dropped into his employ, he would make the boldest move he could with them.  I am not one with a mind for strategy and tactics, but I understand people.  From that understanding I can distill hidden truths.  I understand Hamanu, I understand your retinue and I understand you."*
>
>*"Hamanu sends you there for a purpose, but you have your own.  He would not chance it if your goals were the same - too likely for you to take what you want - what he wants - and vanish into the sands, or back where you came from.  The general seeks a weapon, no doubt.  The Dark Lens of Rajaat?  Or something lesser?  The Tower is full of such things.  You then would seek the only other thing the tower has - besides death - knowledge."*
>
> He pauses, seeming to consider his next words carefully.  *"I will not ask you be betray Hamanu.  Perhaps you might - in your outsider's ignorance - take such a chance.  But the Lion of Athas is a formidable foe, one I do not wish to face.  Instead I ask you for a trifle.  Knowledge.  A sliver of truth.  In exchange I will share likewise with you.  Tell me - what does Hamanu seek in the tower?  Is it the Dark Lens?  Or something else?  Why does he seek it?  What do you seek?  And why do you seek it in this dead world?  And tell me of this world you come from - I would know that too, for such knowledge is rare in Athas."*

If they refuse to provide him with any of the knowledge he seeks:
> *"Very well, if that is how you wish to approach my offer, than so be it.  Return to your caravan.  And be gone from my city with haste.  I will not punish your intransigence, but my patience does have limits.."*

If they lie to him:
> *"You speak as a child speaks to their father when they have taken something that was not theirs to take, but believe they can hide the truth.  The truth is their father already knows, or knows enough, and is testing the child more than investigating.  Consider your answers more carefully, children."*

If they tell him what they seek in the Pristine Tower:
> *"I am a scholar.  My library contains many secrets even the other sorcerer-kings would like to forget.  And it does not contain that secret.  That is old knowledge.  Older than I and the other Champions.  Older than Rajaat.  It is a thing of the rhulisti and the Blue Age.  It is dangerous knowledge too, I suspect.  Indeed - if you will find that knowledge anywhere on Athas it will be in the Pristine Tower."*

If they tell him why they need the knowledge:
> *"That is disturbing.  This foe you speak of - I see his shadow in your minds when you speak of him.  Hamanu would be preparing for him.  I must as well..."*

If they tell him Hamanu seeks the Dark Lens:
> *"Of course Hamanu does.  He is a great strategist, but he sees only soldiers and battle lines.  That device of Rajaat needs to remain far out of his hands."*

If they tell him Hamanu seeks the Dark Lens as a bulwark against Vecna:
> Nibenay chuckles.  *"So he told you and so you believe it.  And why not - you have no reason not to.  And perhaps even Hamanu believes it himself.  For now anyway.  Hamanu sees only the battle and not beyond it's end.  But if he uses it against this Vecna and if he is successful, where will he turn the Lens next?  Consider that!"*

If one of them tell them about their home plane:
> *"You say these things, and even though I know you are from beyond Athas I find them hard to believe.  I... do you have something of your realm?  Something from beyond the border of Athas.  A token perhaps, that I could study?"*

Eventually, assuming the players are cooperative, Nibenay will reward them:
> "You have been more helpful to me than you realize, outsiders."  He regards you for a moment, then turns over his hand, conjuring items from nowhere.  "In my library there are treasures that I keep for myself.  For times like this.  I would share some of them with you."
>
> "This first item is a whetstone.  I know you carry steel with you, even if you keep it hidden.  Sharpen it with this and your blade will cut thought as well as flesh."

*When used on a metal slashing/piercing weapon during a long rest, the whetstone grants the weapon a +1d4 bonus psychic damage (one weapon per long rest, no attunement*

>"They call this second item a sand-cloak.  It was made by the Elves, once upon a time, but the secrets of its make have been lost to most.  It will protect you somewhat from the desert sun, and keep you hidden among the dunes."

*Cloak grants resistance to fire damage.  Additionally, it grants advantage on all stealth checks in desert environments.*

>"This is a different thing.  I do not have a name for it.  Not one that would mean anything to you.  It is a thing of my own creation, but it is built around something from long in the past of Athas 


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTEyMzMwMTYxODgsMTc0MTA2MzM2MiwxMz
IyMzE5ODU5LC00MzQxMjA0ODIsMTYyNjk0MzgyMywxNDg1ODI1
NzYzLC04Njg1ODc2MTEsNTA1NTM0NDQ3LC0xNjYyNjMyMjIyLD
E1MDQxNjc3NDQsMTM4MTk3NDMzNSwtNDg4ODIxNTEwLDE5OTY4
NjU5NzIsLTc5NTgzNDU5OCwxMzc5OTA2OTU2LC0yMDMzNjQ4Mj
YzLDIwMjgyOTA3MzksLTk4NjM2Njk4MSwtMTgwNTM5MzcwMyw1
Mzg3NTc3NThdfQ==
-->